[NARRATOR]
Last time, on
Dragon Ball Z Kai:
The Androids put
on a devastating
display of strength.
Look... Just suppose...
I asked you really nicely
to forget this game and
walk away... Would you?
Negative.
[KRILLIN SHUDDERS]
See you real soon.
[NARRATOR]
Will the trio find Goku?
The battle continues, now!
♪ opening song ♪
Oh yeah, I have go
and help the others!
It's a good thing we brought
these senzu beans with us...
Looks like we have six.
Good, that outta be
enough for everyone.
Hey! Tien! It's me!
Here... Bite down.
[CRUNCHING]
I suppose it's only fair to give
one of these to Vegeta too.
[BULMA'S MOM HUMMING]
Oh... Bulma! Hey there!
You brought the boys along!
Hello!
Miss me?
Sweetie... I'm so
glad you're home!
Gohan, you must've grown
a foot since I last saw you.
[GOHAN STAMMERS]
[BULMA'S MOM LAUGHS]
Just like your father,
you get handsomer every day.
Well you all make
yourselves comfy...
I'll go grab some snacks so
we can have a proper sit down.
Aw, you're so cute
when you're bashful.
[BULMA'S MOM LAUGHS]
Oh, wait. We can't stay.
We have to hurry up
and get back to my dad--
I've gone with out
a snack long enough!
You're on your own.
Fine. I'll see
you guys later!
Aw! He couldn't even
stay for a bite?
He's a pretty
busy kid.
They grow up
so fast these days...
They certainly do.
[GOHAN THINKING]
Bulma's mom sure
can be strange...
Anyway, I better
speed things up!
[PICCOLO]
What?!
You're telling me the Androids
know about senzu beans too?!
[TIEN]
It doesn't make sense...
If these things are
really out to get us...
...why not finish us off
and be done with it?
Is this their
way of telling us
we're not even
worth the effort?
I don't believe it!
We're already
seen the proof.
They've just been toying
with us from the start.
They humiliated us just
for the sport of it!
[VEGETA SEETHING]
[VEGETA YELLS]
Vegeta!
[PICCOLO]
No use chasing him, Trunks!
It'd be best
to let him go.
Vegeta's whole point in driving
himself to become Super Saiyan
was to try and win
his confidence back.
Now of all things,
the man's been soundly
beaten by a female--
Android or not...
...the harshest wound
is to his warrior's pride.
We all got beat...
Our combined strength
wasn't even enough to
put a dent in those things.
Yeah right...
Sorry guys...
If I hadn't frozen when the
rest of you jumped in maybe
things might have turned out a
little differently, you know?
Not likely... With all
due respect, I don't think
your contribution
would've amounted to much
against opponents
capable of taking down
a Super Saiyan
in a one shot.
No sense in beating
yourself up over it.
This is bad! If only
Goku was here with us!
Just 'cause he took out
Frieza doesn't mean
he's worth anything
against the Androids.
We all saw it... he was on
the verge of getting beat
before Vegeta swooped in!
Time to face facts...
Goku could get ten times
stronger than he is right now
and still not fare any better
than Trunks did out there...
Those things
are too strong!
They're unbeatable!
No!
Once again... These
"things"... aren't exactly
the same Androids I'm used
to dealing with either.
[TIEN AND KRILLIN GASP]
Now what are
you talking about?
The ones that
I fought in my own time
weren't anywhere
near this powerful.
I wasn't strong
enough to beat them
but at least we were
somewhat evenly matched.
[TIEN]
Great, so it's even
worse than we thought.
What are we
supposed to do now?
[PICCOLO]
Well first things first,
you three should get
over to Goku's house...
Take him some place the
Androids can't find him.
Whatever our next
move is we need to
keep Goku safe until
he's well enough to join us.
Sounds like a start...
Wait, just the
three of us...?
What exactly are
you planning to do?
Good question.
[KRILLIN]
Hey... You've obviously
got something in mind...
So fill us in. No sense
keeping us in the dark.
Last time I checked we
were all in this together.
Oh is that so...?!
And when did I agree to that?!
[KRILLIN, TIEN,
AND TRUNKS STAMMER]
Don't make the
mistake of thinking
that we were ever friends!
[LARGE EXPLOSION]
[PICCOLO]
If we have a temporary truce
between us, it's only because
it furthers my goal of world
domination! Never forget that!
Perfect... We shoulda
seen that one coming...
Once a bad guy,
always a bad guy--
And they're no denying
that Piccolo use to be
a real terror,
just like his father
was all those years ago.
Ugh...! Why did
we ever trust him?
This whole time he's just been
using all of us as his pawns!
Yeah, I'm not sure
I buy all that...
I'd say he's just
trying to save face.
Piccolo's got his
pride too you know.
He's not gonna take
what the Androids
dished out lying down.
He's gonna do whatever
it takes to beat them.
Even if that means asking
someone to help him.
He's just too proud to admit
he's gone to cash
in his final option...
At least I think...
Hold on a sec.
His final option...
What are you talking about?
[KRILLIN]
C'mon, did you happen to notice
the direction he was flying?
Don't tell me it doesn't
strike you as obvious.
Why would it?
I... don't... think I'm
really following you here...
Is he going somewhere
I should know?
He's on his way to Kami.
Up to that look out?
When we were back on Namek,
the Grand Elder told me
something pretty interesting.
Essentially if Piccolo and
Kami hadn't split in two,
he would've been able to hold
his own against the Saiyans.
Which means... If Piccolo
wants to gain more power
he just has to convince
Kami to reunite with him.
What... But they're...
If the good half and the
evil half actually manage
to merge back together
into a single being,
then they'll turn into
what they started out as:
an elite Namekian warrior with
all kinds of crazy skills!
Like if, Goku and Vegeta
are Super Sayans...
Kami and Piccolo together
would make a Super Namekian!
I gotta say, I kinda
like the sound of that.
Maybe there's hope
for us after all.
Except, if they merge
and Kami disappears,
doesn't that means the Dragon
Balls disappear, as well?!
Yeah.
Chances are it does...
But look at it from
this perspective...
If they stayed
on their own,
soon as the androids
got a hold of them
we'd lose the
Dragon Balls anyway.
I mean if Piccolo's
even considering this
that should tell you how
bad the situation is.
He can't stand Kami.
So there's no way
he'd agree to merge with him,
unless he thought it was his
absolute last possible chance
of winning
against the androids.
And if I know Piccolo...
It just might be the biggest
sacrifice he'll ever make.
So what do you think my Dad,
I mean, Vegeta's
next move is gonna be?
You can stop with
the act, Trunks.
We're not
that clueless.
The only one of us
who doesn't know
you're the
grown-up version of
Bulma's little bundle
of joy is Vegeta.
And he just
might be in denial.
[TRUNKS STAMMERS]
Point is we're on to you,
so you can just
let it go alright?
[TRUNKS]
Oh... In that case...
I apologize.
There's reason
to apologize...
To answer your
question, though:
Vegeta's not
the sort of man
to turn away
when he's bested.
He thinks way too much of
himself to ever admit defeat.
If I know him, he's gone off to
train until he's ready again.
You can count on
the fact that
he's not done with
the Androids just yet.
Yeah.
I will not be mocked!
Humiliate me for sport, will
they? We'll see about that!
[VEGETA THINKING]
Those glorified
trash compactors
will regret the day
they let me go!
[VEGETA SCREAMS]
So about that medicine...
How long will it take to get
Goku back up on his feet?
We'll have to try and keep
him hidden until then.
Well because it's him...
No more than ten days
or so at the outside.
That's good to know...
I think we should be able
to keep him under their
radar for that long.
Yeah. One way
or another.
The problem is... Well...
Once he's back
to his old self,
he probably won't be worth
much against the Androids.
But, whatever... For the
moment we'll just focus on
getting him out of the house
and thank our lucky stars
those freaks don't
literally have a radar.
Right.
[TRUNKS YELLS]
[KAMI THINKING]
So Piccolo...
You've made your desision...
It would seem that the
time is drawing near for
the two halves of our being
to be made whole once again.
[MR. POPO SHUDDERS]
[WIND BLOWS HEAVILY]
Kami... Piccolo...
Am I correct in assuming
there's no need for me
to explain why
I've come to see you?
Yes, you are. You and I
were... Well, that is to say
your father and I were once
a single being long ago.
So, suffice to say
I know your mind well.
Hmph. That ought to
save us some time then.
Though, I never thought
the day would come
when you and I would
resolve our differences
and merge back together
into our first form.
It's not a merger.
I simply intend to
absorb you and your power
to enhance
my own abilities
so I can
defeat the androids.
If the Earth has to do without
the Dragon Balls then so be it!
[KAMI GASPS]
No...!
You can't!
Kami-mon,
Why would you?
[KAMI GASPS]
[KAMI]
I no longer serve
a purpose alone...
Somewhere along the way,
the gulf between
our powers widened...
As Piccolo pitted
himself against
one ghastly foe
after another,
my own strength
diminished to nothing.
Powerful or not... I won't
let you speak this way...!
You're still Kami: wise and
gentle guardian of the Earth!
[KAMI]
Mister Popo...
Calm yourself, please.
Neither Trunks, who
defeated Frieza and his father,
nor Vegeta, whose power
surpasses even that of his son,
could stand against the
Androids and prevail...
The present suggests an
outcome so dire, that...
...I fear not even Goku will
be able to vanquish those foes
once his health
is replenished.
Perhaps the only way
to answer this threat
is for Piccolo to absorb me.
Right you are...
What the Earth needs is not a
gentle guardian but a warrior.
One with the strength
and cunning
to crush the Androids
before it's too late!
Yes, but...
Let things unfold
a bit more...
[PICCOLO]
Unfold? Are you serious?!
Of course... It would be foolish
to act before we can surmise
if they are a threat
to the Earth.
Waiting for things to
play out would be foolish!
You've seen how
powerful they are!
[KAMI]
I've seen that you were
the ones to start the fight.
[PICCOLO SEETHES]
As far as we know, they were
only defending themselves.
You disgust me.
While you've been up here
looking down from on the world
from the safety of your thrown,
the rest of us have been
risking everything to save it!
[PICCOLO]
You heard
Trunks warning.
The future is in ruins
because of these monsters.
Yes, But he also said that
the Androids you face now
are different from the ones he
fought against in his own time.
The implications of
this fact remain unclear.
[PICCOLO LAUGHS]
Meaning what...? You think
they're all just misunderstood?
That all they really want
is to be our friends?
I'm not saying that.
I'm only suggesting that
we assess the situation in
greater detail before resorting
to your radical proposal.
[PICCOLO]
Spineless coward...
Very well... As you wish.
We wouldn't want
to act rashly.
Let's just hope that when
you come to your senses,
there will still be a
world left for us to save.
Hmm...?
[A17]
Hey look. I found us a car.
[A18]
Why do we need
one of those?
Let's just keep flying
the way we have been.
What's your hurry?
We have the time. It'll be fun.
Seriously?
[LUCKY FOODS A]
Whatever. You gotta
be yankin' my chain.
Hey... trust me...
I didn't even
believe it at first.
[LUCKY FOODS A LAUGHS]
This'll do nicely once
we clear some space.
[LUCKY FOODS A]
Hey you punk!
That's not your
property! Hands off!
[LUCKY FOODS A
AND LUCKY FOODS B GASP]
[BOXES THUD
AGAINST THE GROUND]
[DOOR SLAMS SHUT]
[ENGINE STARTS UP]
There... and we're off.
Our next stop
is Goku's house.
I told you...
I want some
new clothes, first?
[A17]
Fine, fine.
Uh... I think
that we're...
...fired?
Hey, Krillin...
Yeah?
I'm going to split off
here and pick up Chiaotzu
so the two of us can train.
Right... Sounds good.
If things start looking dicey
again we'll be close by.
I don't know that we'll be
much help but we'll be there.
You do what you've gotta do.
Trunks and I will take Goku to
Master Roshi's place before the
Androids get wise to the plan.
Hopefully there will
still be enough time.
Just tell Goku not to push
himself... He needs rest.
Yeah, sure.
That'll be the day...
It's Goku...
'course he'll push himself...
Pointless as it is...
Yeah, but the question is
why did it become so pointless.
There were only two
Androids in my time,
and they weren't half a
strong as these three are.
So what's changed?
You are asking
the wrong guy.
Besides what does it even
matter at this point.
Like it or not.
that's how it is.
[GOKU GROANING]
Hang in there, honey.
There it is! Goku's
house is straight ahead!
Hey, uh...
Let me... ask you...
So... those Androids,
they, uh...
they pretty much have no
redeeming qualities whatsoever
I bet...
They're weapons of
mass destruction...
Well, at least that's true
of them in my own time...
Why do you ask?
Oh, um...
I was just thinking about
how awesome it would be...
...if they were good.
[TRUNKS]
Yeah well, I wouldn't hold
my breath if I were you.
[KRILLIN]
No, no. I totally agree.
I was just, you know,
rollin' things around
in my head for kicks...
See you soon.
[KNOCKING]
Gohan?!
Oh, Krillin.
It's just you.
Gee. Thanks...
This is
Goku's wife.
[TRUNKS STAMMERS]
Hello, ma'am...
Is that Krillin?
Hey! You're alright...!
Man, I was worried
sick about you guys!
[KRILLIN]
How's Goku?
[YAMCHA]
He's better, you know now that
the medicine is kicking in.
Future Trunks!
What's up man?!
Hold on...
Let me guess.
You flew in and stomped the
Androids for us! Didn't you?
Uh, no.
Look, there's no
time to explain.
We've gotta move Goku
and everyone here to
Master Roshi's place before the
Android's decide to show up!
There's three new ones
you don't know about
who make the first two
look like a push overs,
and they'll be
here any minute!
Uh... I'd say...
that's bad.
Gently, guys!
He's not laundry!
So you're not exaggerating;
the new ones really
are that strong?
They're totally off
the charts. Trust me,
if you'd seen 'em for yourself,
there'd be no question.
[KRILLIN]
Now we wait for Gohan.
You said he took
Bulma back home, right?
My baby's here!
Gohaaaan down here!
[GOHAN]
Why is everybody--
[CHICHI]
Thank goodness you're safe!
You had your mother on pins
and needles, young man!
[CHICHI CRIES]
Okay... What's going on?
There's no time... I'll
explain once we're airborne.
Just get on the plane, quick!
[VEGETA GRUNTING ANGRILY]
I'm not done!!!
[EXPLOSION]
[VEGETA THINKING]
Until I've left no room
for doubt in their minds...
...that I'm the greatest
warrior in the universe...
I can't...
I won't let this stand!
[NARRATOR]
As the Androids cut a leisurely
path to their quarry,
high atop the look out,
a powerful sense of
dread has taken hold.
Though crisis has been
averted for the moment...
As Bulma is about to discover,
the true scope of the threat to
Earth has yet to be revealed.
[PHONE RINGS]
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai...
♪ closing song ♪
[BULMA]
Yoo-hoo! It's Bulma!
Hey, Trunks,
you should totally come over
and meet your grandparents!
They'd get the biggest
kick out of seeing you!
[TRUNKS]
Uh, I don't think
now's the time--
[BULMA]
By the way, I'm probably
overreacting, but some info
I just got is giving me some
seriously creepy vibes.
[GOKU]
Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
What the...? I don't
like where this is going.